Migrate API Server (#6426)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Client Breaking

> * (api) [\#6426](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/6426) The ability to start an out-of-process API REST server has now been removed. Instead, the API server is now started in-process along with the application and Tendermint. Configuration options have been added to `app.toml` to enable/disable the API server along with additional HTTP server options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (api) [\#6426](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/6426) The ability to start an out-of-process API REST server has now been removed. Instead, the API server is now started in-process along with the application and Tendermint. Configuration options, i.e legacy flags, have been migrated to `app.toml` to enable/disable the API server along with additional HTTP server options.
```

Author: Legacy flags? What legacy flags?
